Refactor Deployment page and add local / SageMaker / Azure / Databricks guides (#10675)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/deployment/deploy-model-to-sagemaker.rst

that meets these requirements can be a tedious task.

MLflow automates the process by building a Docker image from the MLflow Model on your behalf. Subsequently, it pushed the image to Elastic Container Registry (ECR)
and creates a SageMaker endpoint using this image. It also uploads the model artifact to an S3 bucket and configures the endpoint to download the model from there.

The container provides the same REST endpoints as a local inference server. For instance, the ``/invocations`` endpoint accepts CSV and JSON input data and returns
prediction results. For more details on the endpoints, refer to :ref:`Local Inference Server <local-inference-server-spec>`.

.. note::

  In addition to the general ``pyfunc`` deployment (default), SageMaker deployment also supports the ``mleap`` flavor. For this deployment flavor,
  the endpoint only accepts JSON-serialized pandas DataFrames in the ``split`` orientation, like ``data = pandas_df.to_json(orient='split')``.
  This format is specified using a ``Content-Type`` request header value of ``application/json``.

Deploying Model to SageMaker Endpoint
-------------------------------------

> This section outlines the process of deploying a model to SageMaker using the MLflow CLI. For Python API references and tutorials, see the :ref:`Other References <deployment-sagemaker-references>` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section outlines the process of deploying a model to SageMaker using the MLflow CLI. For Python API references and tutorials, see the :ref:`Useful links <deployment-sagemaker-references>` section.
```

Step 0: Preparation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Install Tools
*************
Ensure the installation of the following tools if not already done:

* `mlflow <https://pypi.org/project/mlflow/>`_
* `awscli <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html>`_
* `docker <https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/>`_

Permissions Setup
*****************
Set up AWS accounts and permissions correctly. You need an IAM role with permissions to create a SageMaker endpoint, access an S3 bucket, and use the ECR repository.
This role should also be assumable by the user performing the deployment. Learn more about this setup at `Use an IAM role in the AWS CLI <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-role.html>`_.

Create an MLflow Model
**********************

> Before deploying, you must have an MLflow Model. If you don't have one, you can create a sample scikit-learn model by following the `MLflow Tracking Quickstart <../getting-started/index.html>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before deploying, you must have an MLflow Model. If you don't have one, you can create a sample scikit-learn model by following the `MLflow Tracking Quickstart <../getting-started/index.html>`_.
```

> Remember to note down the model URI, such as ``runs:/<run_id>/model`` (or ``models:/<model_name>/<stage>`` if you registered the model in the `MLflow Model Registry <../model-registry.html>`_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember to note down the model URI, such as ``runs:/<run_id>/<artifact_path>`` (or ``models:/<model_name>/<model_version>`` if you registered the model in the `MLflow Model Registry <../model-registry.html>`_).
```
